Add ingress policer to qos overview (#1190)
openconfig/public: doc/qos_overview.md

case, statistics for each egress interface are reported within the ingress
interface's entry in the `/qos/interfaces/interface` list.

## Annotated QoS Examples

### Ingress Classification with Egress Scheduling

The example QoS configuration below shows the configuration of an interface,
assumed to be facing a customer which has ingress classification based on DSCP

> markings. The same interface has an egress scheduler policy applied to it.

Reviewer: Can we expand a bit on what this achieves? i.e., there's an egress scheduler policy but it seems like it's material to the example that this is being used to police traffic to some expected output data rate.

Author: Oh, I did not intend this example to be related to  the ingress policer example below.

  }
}
```

### Ingress Classification with Ingress Scheduling (Policer)

The example QoS configuration below shows the configuration of an interface,
assumed to be facing a customer which has ingress classification based on
the next-hop group the packet is being sent to.  The same interface has an

> ingress scheduler policy applied to it which implementes a ONE_RATE_TWO_COLOR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ingress scheduler policy applied to it which implementes an `ONE_RATE_TWO_COLOR`
```

Author: done

policer.

> In this scenario, the device is does not have hardware or software to implement

Reviewer: We should clarify that on a VOQ architecture this is needed. It's not a "dummy" queue if we have the ability to do this queueing on an egress linecard.

Author: Added more description for this

in ingress queue.  To satisfy the OC schema requirements, a dummy or "fake"
queue is created.

> ```yaml

Reviewer: Given that we don't have a spec for YANG modelled data being serialised to YAML, can we write this as JSON please?

Author: Converted to legal JSON, so the comments are gone.    Do you want me to add them back in even though it cannot be validated?  😜

          inputs:
            - input: "my input policer 2Gb"
              config:
                id: "my input policer 2Gb"
                input-type: QUEUE
                queue: dummy_input_queue_B
          one-rate-two-color:
            config:
              cir: 2000000000           # 2Gbit/sec
              bc: 100000                # 100 kilobytes
              queuing-behavior: POLICE
            exceed-action:
              config:
                drop: TRUE

  # Here we map interfaces to an input classifer  and input scheduler-policy
  interfaces:
    - interface: "PortChannel1.100"
        config:
          interface-id: "PortChannel1.100"
        input:
          classifers:
            - classifier:
              config:
                name: "dest_A"
                type: "IPV4"
            scheduler-policy:
              state:
                name: limit_group_A_1Gb
    - interface: "PortChannel1.200"
        config:
          interface-id: "PortChannel1.200"
        input:
          classifers:
            - classifier:
              config:
                name: "dest_B"
                type: "IPV4"
          scheduler-policy:

>             state:

Reviewer 2: Is this a typo?  Should this be a config container?  Ditto below.

Author: Yes, typo, fixed these instances

  }
}
```

### Example 2: Ingress Classification with Ingress Scheduling (Policer) on a VOQ device

The example QoS configuration below shows the configuration of an interface,
assumed to be facing a customer which has ingress classification based on
the next-hop group the packet is being sent to.  The same interface has an
ingress scheduler policy applied to it which implements an
`ONE_RATE_TWO_COLOR` policer.

In this scenario, the device has a VOQ architecture is does not have hardware

> or software to implement in ingress queue.  To satisfy the OC schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or software to implement in ingress queue.  To allow a consistent representation to be used across different architectures
```

requirements, a dummy or "fake" queue is created for the ingress side of the
pipeline.  Note, an egress queue could still be defined on the egress side,
but it is not included here for simplication.

```json
{
  #
  # A classifer is created to match packets belonging to certain
  # next-hop-groups and map them either forwarding-group input_dest_A or
  # input_dest_B
  "openconfig-qos": {
    "classifers": [
      {
        "classifer": "“dest_A”",
        "config": {
          "name": "“dest_A”"
        },
        "terms": [
          {

>             "term": null,

Reviewer: Not sure what this `term` field that is set to `null` is -- the JSON here seems incorrect:

```json
{
  "qos": {
    "classifiers": {
      "classifier": [
        {
          "name": "Dest_A",
          "config": {
            "name": "Dest_A"
          },
          "terms": {
            "term": [
              {
                "id": "foo"
              }
            ]
          }
        }
      ]
    }
  }
}
```

I suggest that this is generated using pyangbind, ygot, or your-favourite-YANG-thingy -- you can also write it by hand and validate it using something like [`govalidate`](https://github.com/openconfig/oc-tools/blob/master/validate/govalidate/main.go) (although this needs some maintenance to add some new modules and update the docs).

Reviewer: FYI, the above JSON validates: 

```
[2:47] robjs@aardvark:oc-tools/validate/govalidate   master ✔                                                                       242d ⚑ ◒  ⍉
▶ ./govalidate -fn foo.json && echo $? 
0
```

Author: generated with ygot.
(ref: https://gist.github.com/dplore/8d5f91d9e0b1a76cdde47f7a4d53acc3)

                }
              }
            },
            "actions": {
              "config": {
                "target-group": "input_dest_B"
              }
            }
          },
          {
            "term": null,
            "config": {
              "id": "match_1_dest_B2"
            },
            "conditions": {
              "next-hop-group": {
                "config": {
                  "name": "nhg_B2"
                }
              }
            },
            "actions": {
              "config": {
                "target-group": "input_dest_B"
              }
            }
          }
        ]
      }
    ],
    #
    # Forwarding groups are created named input_dest_A and input_dest_B.
    # These are mapped to 'fake' queues 
    "forwarding-groups": [
      {
        "forwarding-group": "input_dest_A",
        "config": {
          "name": "input_dest_A",
          "output-queue": "dummy_input_queue_A"
        }
      },
      {
        "forwarding-group": "input_dest_B",
        "config": {
          "name": "input_dest_B",
          "output-queue": "dummy_input_queue_B"
        }
      }
    ],
    "queues": [
      {

>         "queue": null,

Reviewer: Same problem here as in `classifiers`.

        "config": {
          "name": "dummy_input_queue_A"
        }
      },
      {
        "queue": null,
        "config": {
          "name": "dummy_input_queue_B"
        }
      }
    ],
    #
    # Two scheduler policies are created, limit_1Gb and limit_2Gb
    # and are associated with the dummy queue they are servicing.
    "scheduler-policies": [
      {

>         "scheduler-policy": null,

Reviewer: Ditto, same issue w.r.t a list that is being set to `null`.
